[theme music plays]
[gasps]
[wind whistles]
[door rattles open]
[ravens croak]
[indistinct chatter]
Whoa!
You thought I was gonna drop this,
didn't you?
[chuckles]
[both] Ohh!
-[footsteps approach]
-Morning!
[chuckles] Not to worry.
Wow, thanks, Esmeralda!
-I'm such an idiot!
-No, you're not.
[softly] Yes, you are.
Imagine being her, just basically being
the best witch in the academy.
[Maud] As my Grandma Mona always says...
we are what we are
and that's never going to change.
Every year group is to go
to their next class immediately!
The Academy is now under lockdown!
[snaps fingers]
[doors shut]
-What is it, Miss Cackle?
-They're back.
-What are?
-The mists of time.
Ooh, a mist! We're done for!
-Careful, everyone!
-[Maud chuckles]
I'll be two minutes, Miss Cackle.
Nightstar's still out there.
I better go and find her.
Too late, Ethel.
All exits have been sealed.
Miss Hardbroom,
if you could come with me?
Miss Drill, if you could look after
the first-years.
Certainly, Miss Cackle.
Come on, quick, sharp!
But what if Nightstar
can't find her way back?
You couldn't get out
even if you wanted to.
I know a way.
[both] Mildred?
Ethel!
We'll be back before anyone
even notices we've gone.
Come on.
All right, up here!
[Mildred and Ethel groan]
[Ethel] Up you get! Come on.
-Mildred, you're squishing my face!
-[Mildred] Sorry!
-[Mildred groans]
-[Ethel] OK!
Nightstar?
Nightstar!
-Felicity Foxglove?
-Here, Miss Drill.
Ethel Hallow?
Excuse me, Miss Drill... Uh... Uh...
What's so bad about going out
into a mist, anyway?
Believe me, girls,
this is not just a mist.
It is the mist.
If anyone were to enter,
the consequences could be truly...
Hold on, where is Ethel?
And where is Mildred Hubble?
[Maud gulps]
-[cat mews]
-[mouse squeaks]
-[Ethel] Nightstar?
-[cat snarls, hisses]
Oh! She likes her breakfast... to go!
Well, if Nightstar's gone back inside,
we'd better do the same.
We can't leave them out there,
it's far too dangerous.
If you follow them,
you could make everything worse!
I remember what happened
when the mists last descended.
It changed everything
between Agatha and me.
-It can't get much worse!
-[Miss Hardbroom] Wait, please.
As long as Mildred and Ethel
come back into the building
at exactly the same place they left it,
there really is nothing to worry about.
[Ethel] Oh, no! The dinner witches.
We're going to have to find
another way back in.
[bell tolls]
Mildred, you didn't have to help me then,
so I just wanted to say--
Shh!
-Maud?
-[girl] No.
Mona.
Did anyone tell you this whole place
is on lockdown?
Who are they?
We're in Miss Hardbroom's year.
Never heard of her.
-You new?
-No.
But you must be
if you've never heard of HB.
I suppose you've never heard
of Miss Cackle either...
even though you're in her office?
[girl 2] It's Mrs. Cackle.
-You pond bat.
-[Mildred] No, it isn't.
Mrs. Alma!
What happened to Miss Ada?
-[door closes]
-[girls gasp]
-[soft giggle]
-[Mona] Shh! Shh!
-Ada!
-Yes, Mum?
-[Alma] Agatha!
[Alma] Spellbody!
Those weren't any old twins.
They were Miss Cackle and Agatha.
And Mona was Maud's grandma!
We've... We've gone back in time!
This isn't the Cackle's of the present.
This is the Cackle's of the past.
They say that in every school, there's
always one, but in ours there are two!
And they both just happen to be
my daughters.
I've long since despaired of you, Agatha,
but now your behavior
seems to be rubbing off on your sister
and your friend too!
Ada, as the eldest,
I expect a lot better from you!
I'm only 13 minutes older!
You entered my study
without my permission
and tried to take my spell book!
We thought some magic
would liven class up a bit!
Being stuck in all morning
because of the stupid mist is boring!
[Alma] On the contrary,
this is the perfect opportunity to take
the official year group photograph!
-[Ada yawns]
-[others giggle]
Just because you're my heir, Ada,
does not mean you will take over
this place whatever.
Yes, it does! And she's going to let me
run it with her.
[Alma]
Not if you carry on like this, Agatha.
If any of you three
set foot in here again,
you will be excluded permanently!
And the academy...
will never be yours!
I don't believe it. it's Miss Drill too!
Except I suppose it isn't.
It must be her mum instead.
"The mists of time.
Many moons ago,
a Great Wizard enchanted a thick mist
so he could step between that and
the last such mist to have descended.
But no one should ever meddle with time,
and after he'd entered it,
he was never seen again."
Oh!
"Such mists come and go within minutes
and anyone finding themselves in the
wrong moment of history when they fade
will be trapped there for eternity."
Does it tell us how to get back?
What if we're trapped
like that Great Wizard?
What if I never get to see Mum or Maud
or Tabby again?
What if I have to spend
the next 50 years...
with you?
[Mildred] At least you've got Nightstar.
-She must be back here too.
-[Ethel] Great!
So now she's more lost than ever.
We're going to need help.
Even if we do find her,
we still won't know how to get home.
But I know someone who will.
Mildred!
This is no time for vandalism!
Actually, Ethel, it's the perfect time.
[wind whistles]
Um...
Ah!
Right. Uh...
Loretta, if you could take a seat
there next to Felicia, please,
and just move in.
-Mrs. Cackle.
-Marvelous!
Hmm. Gorgeous.
-Would you like to...?
-Absolutely!
[Miss Drill] In the...
-In the top.
-Oh!
-Marvelous!
-Yeah!
-Marvelous.
-Great. OK.
OK.
And uh... collars, ladies.
-What are we going to do now?
-Well...
We either do exactly
as Mother says, or...
She has so much power,
-and we have so little.
-[clears throat]
-So why don't we take some?
-An extraction spell?
If she had a teeny bit less,
it wouldn't make any difference to her.
But if we had a teeny bit more,
she might finally start respecting us
as witches.
You'd need her spell book
for that, though.
And you know what she says
about us going in her study.
Which means we have to find someone else
to go in there for us.
The new girls!
-We need your help.
-Me?
Wouldn't matter what time I was in,
I'd always trust a Spellbody.
We know you're not supposed
to leave this room...
but I've lost my cat.
And if we don't find her
before the mists lift,
you're going to be seeing
a lot more of us.
Ladies, over here!
[Mona] We'll help you.
But only if you help us too.
Ah!
Please tell us what's going on,
Miss Drill.
Are Mildred and Ethel
in some sort of danger?
No, they'll be back any minute.
Please, girls,
just get on with your work.
[Maud] No, they won't!
"Help! We're stuck in the past.
Send Miss Cackle! Mildred."
[anxious chatter]
Aren't we going to get in trouble
for this?
No more trouble than we'll get into
for looking for your cat.
Come on, Mildred.
[Mildred] Your mum's kept all the
trophies and certificates you've won.
And a lot more in yours than hers.
Typical big-sister favoritism.
Exactly!
-[Mona] Is that it?
-No.
Well, this is.
"Alma Cackle's little book of spells
and potions. Private and confidential."
Right.
Let's find Nightstar!
I don't think so!
You promised.
You don't know me very well, do you?
Mona, please, you have to help us.
Why?
Don't tell her, Mildred.
We can't tinker with time, remember?
Because...
I'm best friends
with your granddaughter.
-[door slams]
-I warned you, Miss Spellbody.
Now gather your things immediately.
And as for you--
-Ethel, the mists are clearing.
-Do you even go to this school?
Desk graffiti is hardly evidence.
Anyone could have done it.
The fact is we still have no idea
whether Mildred and Ethel
are actually in the past or not.
Oh, yes, we do!
-[bell tolls]
-[Mildred] That wasn't meant to happen.
No, it wasn't!
And if Mona really is expelled,
it could change her whole life.
And if her life changes, so will Maud's.
It could turn her
into someone else entirely.
[rumbling]
What are you looking at, Frightshade?
If you want a spell bashing
from the Spellbody,
you're going the right way about it!
[Ethel] Nightstar! Nightstar!
I don't understand it!
-She always comes when I call.
-[Mildred] I've really done it this time!
I've got Grandma Mona expelled,
messed up the present,
and now we're about to be trapped
in the past forever.
Oh, dear! That doesn't sound like
the best day's work, Mildred.
[Ethel] Miss Cackle!
-You came!
-Do you know how we get out of here?
If your hand be not visible
in front of your face,
step back into a forgotten place.
To return, retrace your steps
and walk from the last mist
into the next.
So we need to go back outside...
and then come back in
the same way we left?
Yes, Mildred, you do.
But now I've moved in time,
I can't move us in space,
so you need to get a move on.
We can't go yet.
We still haven't found Nightstar!
I'm sorry, Ethel, but I need
to get you two through that grate
before the mists disappear completely.
What about you?
Sounds like
I'm going to have to persuade my mother
to change her mind about Mona before
we're lumbered with a different Maud
and... a different everybody.
Is there anything else, anything at all
you've disrupted or disturbed?
Good! Now come on!
[wind whistles]
-[Ada] I wonder what happened to Mona.
-Who cares?
Hey, we only need two of those!
I'm tripling every ingredient.
In fact, I'm timesing them by ten.
Why?
We're not just going to take
some of Mother's powers...
-we're going to take all of it!
-We can't do that!
[Agatha] The academy's
going to be ours eventually.
We're just speeding up the process.
We're not old enough to be
headteachers yet.
Imagine it, a school without rules,
where the pupils are in charge
and not the staff.
No, Agatha, I can't do that to Mother!
Well, forget who's the eldest.
I'm going to run this place on my own.
[metallic creaking]
[footsteps]
It worked!
Mildred.
I didn't want to say anything in front
of Ethel, but there is one more thing.
Something I've taken
from your mother's study.
-Stolen?
-Yes, but I did it for you.
It's your birth scroll,
and there's something you need to know.
You're not the oldest, Agatha is.
She was born 13 minutes before you.
Your mother just told you
it was the other way around.
Then Cackle's is rightfully hers!
You need to go in too!
Will you make sure
Mona's allowed to stay?
[Miss Cackle] The Spellbodys
are the least of my worries now.
My sister is about to throw
everything away,
so I must try to stop her!
[Mildred] You can't do that.
No one should meddle with time.
[ravens caw]
Mona!
You're not going home,
you're coming with me!
Who are you?
-[Mildred] Don't tell her!
-Mildred!
-We can't mess anything else up.
-I'm not.
I'm fixing things.
I'll tell you who I am. I'm you.
You can't handle Mother's power,
you're not ready.
The potion will just explode and you'll
be sent to Wormwood's Academy.
Only the wickedest of witches
end up there.
[Miss Cackle] You'll be permanently
labeled the bad girl,
whereas I'll go on to be head girl.
And when we do run this place together,
that will be a disaster too.
It doesn't have to be that way, though.
Put the bag down, Agatha.
Let's rewrite history.
I don't want to be head girl
and I definitely don't want to be you!
If you're not going to take
Mother's powers... then I am!
You've not persuaded your sister
to be good, Miss Cackle.
You've just turned
your younger self bad!
Where's Ada gone?
The junk room. It's where we always go.
Your bedroom!
Mona being expelled was bad enough,
but if you're expelled too,
it would change everything!
I'm warning you, if you don't
get to work this minute,
you will be spending
the entire afternoon
outside Miss Cackle's door, again!
All right, Miss Drill,
take a chill-out potion.
"Maud! Miss Cackle's
about to change everything.
Tell Miss Drill. Mildred."
Why would Mildred Hubble
ask you for help?
Well, she can't really ask a friend,
can she? She hasn't got any!
What is it now, Maud?
Nothing, Miss Drill.
Nothing at all.
[Alma] You again! Who are you?
Same as me.
Someone from Cackle's future.
Mother...
it's Ada.
The mists!
[Mildred] Yes.
And if you don't help us,
we won't have a school to return to.
-Whiskers of a lion.
-[lion roars]
-Petals of a flower.
-[bird sings]
Make mother's magic mine
and give me her--
-[lion roars]
-[Miss Cackle] Stop!
I'm not interested in anything
you have to say!
Then what about me?
I didn't want you to know
about the future...
but now you do,
there's more you need to know too.
I'm not a good witch.
I might even be the worst one ever.
But you've never stopped
believing in me.
You don't just go on to become a head,
you go on to become a great one.
You're a good person, Ada.
So please, please don't do this.
It's not you.
I knew you wouldn't go through
with this! But I will!
Make Mother's magic mine
and give me her power!
Watch out!
[glass shatters]
[door rattles open]
-Where are Mildred and Miss Cackle?
-I wish we knew.
We couldn't even find Nightstar.
Well, well, well!
-Look what the black cat dragged in.
-Ethel Shallow.
Oh, no! Mona being expelled
really has changed things.
No one even knows it.
Don't worry, we had much the same
trouble with her mother.
Not even you!
[all cough]
Why did you lie to us?
I've seen the scroll.
-[girls cough]
-Because of things like this!
You and Agatha might be identical,
but you've always been so different.
I knew that if she inherited the school,
she'd never stick to the values
on which it's built!
This place needs you. Now go, quickly.
There is just one more thing.
Please, don't expel Mona.
It isn't meant to happen.
Agatha, you're going to Wormwood's.
And you...
[whooshing]
Oh, come on, Mildred,
what would I do without you?
You're the best friend I ever had!
Ethel, I am so glad you're back.
I was so worried.
Oh, here, take a seat.
Take my seat, whatever.
I just wish we knew what was going on.
I think I do.
Mildred's put things right.
Now she just needs to get out of there,
while she still can.
[cat mews]
Nightstar!
So that's why you didn't come when
Ethel called! You were with her nan!
[cat mews]
[door opens]
[sighs]
-Mildred!
-[panting]
I thought she was behind me!
But when I turned around...
So I'm never going to see her again?
Ah! Doesn't time fly
when you're having fun?
-Mildred!
-Nightstar!
She's here!
[cat mews]
Your gran seems nice, Ethel.
And do you know what, Maud?
I think yours will be too now.
[softly] Yay.
-But I'm not sure if she's right.
-About what?
Anyone can change.
I mean, I have seen the naughtiest
of witches become the nicest.
So who knows? Maybe one day even
the worst might become the very best!
I'm so sorry about going out into
the mists, but I can make it up to you.
I won't say a word.
I know the future of this school
depends on it.
[Ethel] What does it say in there?
And why didn't you come back when I did?
What's been going on?
Oh, it's nothing to worry about, girls,
is it, Mildred?
No, Miss Cackle.
It's all in the past now.
Lost in the mists of time.
[theme music plays]